README.md, before:

# Buzz

Self-hosted static site hosting. Deploy sites with a single command.

## Usage

Deploy a directory:

```bash
buzz deploy ./dist
```

On first deploy, a random subdomain is assigned (e.g., `happy-cloud-1234`) and saved to a `CNAME` file in the directory. Subsequent deploys to the same directory update the existing site.

Deploy to a specific subdomain:

```bash
buzz deploy ./dist my-site
# Deploys to https://my-site.static.yourdomain.com
```

Other commands:

```bash
buzz url              # Print URL for current directory (reads CNAME)
buzz list             # List all deployed sites
buzz delete my-site   # Delete a site
```

## Requirements

- A VPS with Docker installed
- A domain with DNS managed by Cloudflare
- A Cloudflare API token

## Server Setup

### 1. DNS Records

Add two A records pointing to your server IP:

| Type | Name | Content |
|------|------|---------|
| A | static | your.server.ip |
| A | *.static | your.server.ip |

This gives you `static.yourdomain.com` as the main endpoint and `*.static.yourdomain.com` for deployed sites.

### 2. Cloudflare API Token

Wildcard SSL certificates require DNS validation. Caddy handles this automatically but needs a Cloudflare API token.

1. Go to [Cloudflare Dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/profile/api-tokens)
2. Click "Create Token"
3. Use the "Edit zone DNS" template
4. Under "Zone Resources", select your domain
5. Create and copy the token

### 3. Deploy

Copy the `server/` directory to your VPS and configure:

```bash
cd server
cp .env.example .env
```

Edit `.env`:

```
BUZZ_DOMAIN=static.yourdomain.com
BUZZ_TOKEN=generate-a-random-secret-token
CF_API_TOKEN=your-cloudflare-api-token
ACME_EMAIL=your-email@example.com
```

- `BUZZ_DOMAIN` - your subdomain (matches DNS setup)
- `BUZZ_TOKEN` - secret token for API authentication (generate with `openssl rand -hex 32`)
- `CF_API_TOKEN` - Cloudflare API token from step 2
- `ACME_EMAIL` - email for Let's Encrypt certificate notifications

Start the server:

```bash
docker compose up -d
```

Caddy will automatically obtain SSL certificates on first request.

## CLI Setup

```bash
cd cli
npm install
npm run build
npm link
```

Configure the CLI with your server URL and token:

```bash
buzz config server https://static.yourdomain.com
buzz config token your-secret-token
```

Configuration is stored at `~/.buzz.config.json`.

## How it works

1. CLI zips the directory and uploads to the server
2. Server extracts files to a subdomain directory
3. Caddy routes requests based on Host header to the Python server
4. Python server serves static files with support for clean URLs (`/about` serves `/about.html`)
5. SQLite stores site metadata (name, size, creation date)

## Releasing

The CLI is published to npm automatically using [Release Please](https://github.com/googleapis/release-please).

When you push commits to `main`, use conventional commit format:

```bash
git commit -m "fix: handle empty directory error"    # patch (0.1.0 → 0.1.1)
git commit -m "feat: add verbose flag"               # minor (0.1.0 → 0.2.0)
git commit -m "feat!: change config format"          # major (0.1.0 → 1.0.0)
```

Release Please will open a PR with version bump and changelog. Merge it to publish to npm.

Commit message:

feat: add SPA support via 200.html fallback
Serve 200.html with status 200 for unmatched routes, enabling
client-side routers to handle navigation. Documents the feature
along with clean URLs and custom 404 support in README.

README.md, after:

# Buzz

Self-hosted static site hosting. Deploy sites with a single command.

## Usage

Deploy a directory:

```bash
buzz deploy ./dist
```

On first deploy, a random subdomain is assigned (e.g., `happy-cloud-1234`) and saved to a `CNAME` file in the directory. Subsequent deploys to the same directory update the existing site.

Deploy to a specific subdomain:

```bash
buzz deploy ./dist my-site
# Deploys to https://my-site.static.yourdomain.com
```

Other commands:

```bash
buzz url              # Print URL for current directory (reads CNAME)
buzz list             # List all deployed sites
buzz delete my-site   # Delete a site
```

## Requirements

- A VPS with Docker installed
- A domain with DNS managed by Cloudflare
- A Cloudflare API token

## Server Setup

### 1. DNS Records

Add two A records pointing to your server IP:

| Type | Name | Content |
|------|------|---------|
| A | static | your.server.ip |
| A | *.static | your.server.ip |

This gives you `static.yourdomain.com` as the main endpoint and `*.static.yourdomain.com` for deployed sites.

### 2. Cloudflare API Token

Wildcard SSL certificates require DNS validation. Caddy handles this automatically but needs a Cloudflare API token.

1. Go to [Cloudflare Dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/profile/api-tokens)
2. Click "Create Token"
3. Use the "Edit zone DNS" template
4. Under "Zone Resources", select your domain
5. Create and copy the token

### 3. Deploy

Copy the `server/` directory to your VPS and configure:

```bash
cd server
cp .env.example .env
```

Edit `.env`:

```
BUZZ_DOMAIN=static.yourdomain.com
BUZZ_TOKEN=generate-a-random-secret-token
CF_API_TOKEN=your-cloudflare-api-token
ACME_EMAIL=your-email@example.com
```

- `BUZZ_DOMAIN` - your subdomain (matches DNS setup)
- `BUZZ_TOKEN` - secret token for API authentication (generate with `openssl rand -hex 32`)
- `CF_API_TOKEN` - Cloudflare API token from step 2
- `ACME_EMAIL` - email for Let's Encrypt certificate notifications

Start the server:

```bash
docker compose up -d
```

Caddy will automatically obtain SSL certificates on first request.

## CLI Setup

```bash
cd cli
npm install
npm run build
npm link
```

Configure the CLI with your server URL and token:

```bash
buzz config server https://static.yourdomain.com
buzz config token your-secret-token
```

Configuration is stored at `~/.buzz.config.json`.

## How it works

1. CLI zips the directory and uploads to the server
2. Server extracts files to a subdomain directory
3. Caddy routes requests based on Host header to the Python server
4. Python server serves static files with support for clean URLs (`/about` serves `/about.html`)
5. SQLite stores site metadata (name, size, creation date)

## Features

**Clean URLs** - `/about` serves `about.html` or `about/index.html`

**Custom 404** - Add a `404.html` file to show a custom error page for missing routes

**SPA Support** - Add a `200.html` file to enable client-side routing. When a route doesn't match any file, `200.html` is served with a 200 status code, allowing your SPA router to handle the route.

```bash
# For SPAs, copy your index.html to 200.html before deploying
cp dist/index.html dist/200.html
buzz deploy ./dist
```

## Releasing

The CLI is published to npm automatically using [Release Please](https://github.com/googleapis/release-please).

When you push commits to `main`, use conventional commit format:

```bash
git commit -m "fix: handle empty directory error"    # patch (0.1.0 → 0.1.1)
git commit -m "feat: add verbose flag"               # minor (0.1.0 → 0.2.0)
git commit -m "feat!: change config format"          # major (0.1.0 → 1.0.0)
```

Release Please will open a PR with version bump and changelog. Merge it to publish to npm.
